[DETERMINED]
[CONFIDENT]
This time we're going to win
for sure.
BRAIXEN/PANCHAM
[EXCITED]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way to tell
this story ♪
♪ Be a hero ♪
♪ All the power is
at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
SERENA "Performing With
Fiery Charm."
NARRATOR The morning of the
Dendemille Town Pokémon Showcase
has finally arrived
but Serena has
a slight case of nerves.
Today's the day.
Good luck out there, honey.
Thanks. Braixen and Pancham
are fired up.
Make sure you watch us. Okay?
[EXCITED]
‐ Right.
‐ 'Look at this.'
‐ Huh?
‐ Ta‐da.
This is the pretty dress
I'm going to wear.
Isn't that just
a little too flashy?
If that's what my mom thinks,
it's perfect.
‐ Oh, Serena.
‐ That's not all.
This dress was designed by
none other than Valerie.
Well, that's a tremendous help.
Now, dear, be sure you give it
all you've got.
‐ Be one with your Pokémon.
‐ Mm‐hmm. Yeah.
[DETERMINED]
SERENA
'Look at all these people.'
Let's see.
Where do I register?
MIETTE
'Serena, is that you?'
Huh?
Huh? Miette.
Long time no see, everyone.
Yeah, long time.
‐ So, how have you been, Miette?
‐ Great.
Hi, Slurpuff.
Good to see you.
[HAPPY]
BONNIE
'You're a Meowstic, right?'
[PROUD]
So are you entering the Pokémon
Showcase, too?
Of course.
How could I not enter?
‐ I'm not surprised. Huh?
‐ Hmm.
‐ You cut your hair.
‐ Yeah, so what?
So why did you do that?
Something big happen
in your life?
Uh, what are you talking about?
Huh?
[AGREEABLE]
Forget that.
I'm all ready to compete
in this performance.
And I'm not going to lose
like I did with the Poké Puffs.
Well, the same goes for me.
Now, hear this.
We're going to settle things
once and for all.
And then, remember, I told you
I might have a chat with Ash.
[gasps]
[giggles]
Later. Bye.
Miette sure seems ready to go.
[IMPRESSED]
‐ I'm ready to go, too.
‐ Right.
That's the spirit, Serena.
Ash can be so dense.
[EMPHATIC]
Bonnie, what are you talking
about?
‐ Of course. You're the same.
‐ Huh?
JAMES 'So. They're entering
the Showcase, too.'
What difference does it make?
I'm going home with the big win
this time for sure.
With all that special training,
we should go home with ten wins.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[cheering]
PIERRE
'Bonjour.'
'All you Kalos region lovers
of Pokémon.'
'Welcome to the Dendemille
Pokémon Showcase Rookie Class.'
'We're all set to go,
so get ready.'
[applauds]
PIERRE
I'm honored to be your guide
because I just adore
the roar of the crowd
and the smiles
on all your faces.
My name's Monsieur Pierre.
[crowd cheering]
Competing today for the ultimate
title of Kalos Queen
will be a bevy of beautiful
young ladies
performing right before
your eyes.
And then..
'...the winner will be awarded
the coveted Princess Key.'
'Performers who win
three Princess Keys'
'earn the right to participate
in the exciting Master Class.'
'And it is from
the elegant performers'
'competing in the Master Class'
'that the Kalos Queen
will ultimately be chosen.'
'Alors,
will the future Kalos Queen'
'come from among
these fair ladies?'
'You won't be able to look away'
'because the spellbinding
battle'
'for the Princess Key
starts now.'
[cheering]
PIERRE
'For our Theme Performance'
'these talented Pokémon
performers will make delicious'
'and beautiful Poké Puff treats
right in front of your eyes.'
Now, it's time to meet our
first group of three performers.
‐ Look. It's Miette.
‐ Yay, Miette.
You'll be great.
PIERRE 'Our judges,
Pokémon Connoisseur, Santo'
'Poké Puff Patissier, Gena'
'and showcase expert, Delilah'
'will choose the performer,
and her Pokémon'
'who will go on
to the Freestyle Performance.'
‐ Gena's a keeper.
‐ Huh?
No doubt. She'll take care
of my big brother.
I told you not to do this
a million times.
PIERRE
'Alors.'
It's time to make
the Poké Puffs.
Now, if you please.
No one makes Poké Puffs
as yummy as I do.
Okay, Slurpuff.
[EAGER]
[EXCITED]
Thanks very much.
Slurpuff got to pick the milk?
Slurpuff has an extremely
sensitive sense of smell.
I think Miette had Slurpuff
choose to make sure
she uses the freshest
ingredients she can.
Hey, that sounds impressive.
It sure does.
Meowstic? It's your turn.
[CONFIDENT]
[EXERTION]
Awesome.
That's how it's done, Meowstic.
PIERRE 'It's obvious Miette
and her Pokémon know'
'how to make Poké Puffs
in perfect sync.'
'So. There are only
a few minutes left.'
'Time to sprint to the finish.'
Uh..
[chuckles]
It's all done.
PIERRE
'Time's up.'
'Now, we come to the judging.'
These Poké Puffs
smell so fragrant.
They're exquisite.
[IMPRESSED]
These are all definitely
a work of art.
[DELIGHTED]
[INTRIGUED]
They look yummy, huh?
‐ Huh?
You've got a great sense
of smell, too.
[EAGER]
It appears the judges
have made their choice.
So let's find out the winner.
PIERRE 'The performer moving on
will be..'
[gasps]
'...the lovely Miette.'
But, of course, it's me.
Way to go, Miette.
That Miette is a true genius
at making Poké Puffs.
[DEFENSIVE]
Right. We can do it, too.
And now, it's time for
our next group of performers.
[cheering]
[chuckles]
Come on, Jessilia.
Destroy every one of those
losers.
PIERRE 'Make your Poké Puffs,
if you please.'
So tell me.
Did you take care
of what we talked about?
Yeah, and how.
I found out what flavors
the judges' Pokémon like best
so don't sweat it.
MEOWTH
'Mime Jr. likes spicy grub'
'so we'll use
a Tamato Berry topping.'
'Furfrou likes aromatic grub'
'so we'll use tons of
yummy‐smelling stuff.'
'And Jigglypuff goes gaga
for sweets.'
Meowth, you're so smart.
You know? I agree.
[NERVOUS]
[PROUD]
‐ 'Voila.'
‐ 'Now, we decorate.'
You can leave
the artistic part to me.
[laughs]
[humming]
PIERRE 'And finally,
we come to the judging.'
My. This is quite
an unusual decoration.
I knew if Jessie did it,
she'd mess things up.
Well, the Pokémon certainly seem
to adore the flavors.
The most important thing
about Poké Puffs
is that the Pokémon
truly love them.
PIERRE 'Alright, the performer
going to the next stage'
'is Jessilia.'
[cheering]
[laughing]
Hey, Performer Serena,
time for your entrance, okay?
[CONFIDENT]
Hmm.
Okay. Here goes.
ASH/SERENE/BONNIE/CLEMONT
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Plusle and Minun.
[crowd cheering]
Ladies and Gentlemen.
Get ready
for our final grouping.
Yippee. Serena's up now.
Show them how it's done, Serena.
[ENCOURAGING]
Relax, Serena, just relax.
[EXCITED]
[cheering]
It's alright. Be confident.
You've practiced over and over
for this day.
[DELIGHTED]
‐ Huh?
‐ Great.
PIKACHU
[BLISSFUL]
ASH
'These are awesome.'
[gasps]
[laughing]
I'll make the greatest
Poké Puffs ever
for everyone who's ever
supported me.
It's time to make Poké Puffs.
Now, if you please.
You're doing great.
The flower nectar
is our secret ingredient.
[CONFIDENT]
[EXERTION]/[SATISFIED]
Ready, Braixen?
[CONFIDENT]
Serena and her team
are displaying
some impressive teamwork.
PIERRE
'But no one's giving an inch.'
'This is a true
top‐notch battle.'
[chuckles]
PIERRE
'Time's up.'
Phew.
So which performer will move on
to the Freestyle Performance?
That brings us to the judging.
[CONFIDENT]
[chuckles]
[PROUD]
You're both right.
I did everything I could do.
Ho. Look at this.
The colors, shapes,
and aromas are quite impressive.
Yes, quite.
They're truly inviting.
Every Poké Puff clearly
demonstrates
it was created with love.
Oh, my. This is going to be
a very difficult choice.
[whimpers]
Please win it.
Yet the winner is clear,
don't you think?
I would say so.
The judges have made
their decision.
PIERRE 'The performer moving on
to the next stage is..'
Please, please, please,
please‐‐
'...performer..'
'...Serena.
Congratulations.'
[cheering]
‐ Yay.
‐ That's so awesome.
Serena's moving on to round two.
She pulled it off.
SHAUNA
Serena's the best.
Marvelous.
[screams]
Serena.
So we've cleared
the first hurdle.
[EXCITED]
Whoa, I was nervous. Wow.
[HUNGRY]/[DISAPPOINTED]
No. Chespin, stay here.
I'm sure Serena will make you
some when it's over.
I wanna eat some, too.
[EXCITED]
[chuckles]
She was great.
Thank you for waiting.
[crowd cheering]
Next, it's the Freestyle
Performance
you've all been waiting for.
Here are the five young ladies
who made it past
the Theme Performance.
Guaranteed to show you their
greatest performances yet.
First, a mysterious beauty,
mixed with a touch of danger.
So fasten your seatbelts
and prepare
for performer Jessilia.
You go, girl.
Now. Meowth, move it.
[grunting]
[grunts]
[screams]
[EXERTION]
[laughs]
‐ Hey, what's going on?
‐ It's so cool.
And up.
Special training paid off.
Alright, performer Serena,
you're the next one up.
Right.
Okay, Meowth, wrap it up.
[grunting]
‐ Voila.
‐ Yeah.
[cheering]
That was a great performance.
It's not gonna be easy
for Serena to beat that.
Now, say hello
to our next performer.
Her name?
Miette.
Hmm.
Pure performance perfection.
The fans obviously
have good taste.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Let's take charge of the stage.
[CONFIDENT]
‐ Watch it.
‐ Ah.
[ANGRY]
I'm terribly sorry.
I didn't see you way down there.
[ANGRY]
It's okay, you two.
I‐I hope you'll forgive me.
[CONCERNED]
I'm just fine.
Really, I'm not hurt at all.
Huh. Huh?
My skirt ripped.
[gasps]
[DISTRAUGHT]
Okay, Meowstic.
Use Psychic.
[PSYCHIC MOVE]
Slurpuff, use Cotton Spore.
[COTTON SPORE MOVE]
Miette's pretty cool, too.
She's really displaying
great teamwork.
Well, don't forget, Serena's
teamwork is great, too.
You bet it is.
After all the hard work
she's put in.
[CONCERNED]
Not again.
It's just like last time.
[gasps]
I've got it.
Ash never gives up.
If he can do it,
I can do it, too.
And now..
...done.
[cheering]
[panting]
Well? How was that?
And now the time has come
for our very last performer.
Performer Serena?
You're up next.
I'm sorry.
[panting]
We made it in time.
It's performer Serena.
Give her a hand.
Serena.
[cheering]
Wait. Did she change her outfit?
I wonder why?
Pancham, come here.
[EXERTION]
Look at that. So pretty.
Alright Pancham, use Stone Edge.
[STONE EDGE MOVE]
SERENA
'Braixen, now.'
[EXERTION]
[CONFIDENT]
[chuckles]
And that's it.
[cheering]
Go Serena.
All that practice sure paid off.
Everything looked amazing.
[EXCITED]
PIERRE 'What a spectacular sight
for our final performance.'
Serena did it. Hmm.
Alors.
It's the moment of truth.
Who will win our exciting
Dendemille Town
Pokémon Showcase this year?
And who will decide?
Why, it's none other than
all of you in the audience.
The time has finally come.
‐ Uh‐huh.
‐ Serena, please.
POERRE 'Please use your glow
sticks to fire off the color'
'corresponding to the performer
who you think was number one.'
‐ One, two, and on three.
‐ Jessilia.
[cheering]
[chuckles]
Please, please, please,
please, please.
[gasps]
Look at that.
But, it can't be.
PIERRE 'The winner of
the Dendemille Town'
'Pokémon Showcase
has been decided.'
'And she's..'
'...performer Serena.'
[cheering]
Awesome.
Alright. Serena.
Wow, she did it.
She did it.
Huh? We won.
We actually won the performance.
Oh, no. Poor Jessie.
For that matter, poor me.
I'm the one
who should be Kalos Queen
so how can so many dumb people
get it wrong?
[whimpering]
Hmm.
And now, it's time to present
the Princess Key
to our victorious performer,
Serena.
Congratulations
on your first Princess Key win.
[FRIENDLY]
Thank you so much.
This is great.
[chuckles]
Ta‐da. I did it.
The Princess Key..
‐...mine.
[TRIUMPHANT]
[cheering]
Congratulations to Serena
for taking her first step
towards becoming
our Kalos Queen.
So until next time, au revoir.
[chuckles]
Yippee.
I've got to practice even more.
This is no time to get lazy.
That's my daughter after all.
[chuckles]
BONNIE
'Oh. So you ripped your outfit?'
Yeah, so that's when I came up
with the idea to cut my hem.
Wow. That was really clever.
Nice job up there.
I'm sorry I tore the outfit
Valerie gave me.
I guess I should tell her
how sorry I am.
You know,
it really looked great on you.
Huh? Oh, thank you, Ash.
He's telling the truth,
you know.
Huh? It's Miette.
I may have lost today,
but I'll win the next time.
I'll see you then.
You just wait.
It's a deal.
You take care.
[grunts]
And I haven't given up
on our other competition,
either.
Huh?
See you later, Ash.
‐ Okay, Miette, take care.
‐ Huh?
[chuckle]
Isn't that sweet?
‐ Miette.
‐ See you.
‐ Have fun.
‐ Bye‐bye.
Bye.
[chuckles]
Hmm.
NARRATOR And so, with her first
Pokémon Showcase win
in Dendemille Town,
Serena's journey as a performer
has just begun
as the journey for all
our heroes continues.